Oh, my God!
Cinnamon, are you okay?
What is...?
Can't believe you two!
Americans.
Three bags, no one's....
(SPEAKING GIBBERISH)
(STAMMERING)
Sorry.
Oh, my God!
Cinnamon, are you okay?
I can't believe you two!
You do whatever it takes to save
her life. If she needs new organs....
(GIBBERING)
(GROANS)
Amy, I could use your help.
Let me guess. There's an undergrad
in a leather jecket. Jecket.
We've got to get her
to a vet, like, right now.
I don't have a vet,
I have a podiatrist,
an optometrist....
(STAMMERING) Oh, balls.
Thank you, Rajesh.
And, Amy, you need
to be patient. Sorry.
I hate when you do that.
- It's your fault.
- I wasn't even looking at you.
- Thank you, Rajesh.
- And Amy....
Why are you laughing?
What is going on?
- Hello, Emily.
- Hello.
Amy told me you might have
some doubts about something.
(LAUGHING)
Fine. I'm not sure
you should have quit.
But if....
(STAMMERING)
Let's do it again.
I know it.
Get out of here.
Okay, if you support me,
what was with that phone call?
Fine. I'm not sure
you should have quit.
But if.... (STAMMERING)
Oh, my God. I know it. I know it.
I know it. I know it. I know it.
But... Ah, let me see it.
MAN: Action!
Oh, I'm sorry, from where?
So how are you going to return
the DVD if.... Start that again.
So heads is PS4, tails is Xbox...
(GIBBERING)
Are you kidding me?
This may be the biggest
scientific breakthrough
of our lifetime.
How can you, as a... (STAMMERING)?
Right from there, sorry.
MAN: Start up there and action.
Are you kidding me?
This may be the biggest
scientific breakthrough
of our lifetime. How can you,
as a theoretical physicist say....
(CHUCKLING)
Oh, I know it. I know it.
I'm saying you and string theory
sound like a relationship
but I know
what it's like to be when....
Sheldon, what do you want me to do?
Hide the information?
If I don't publit it... Wow!
(CHUCKLING)
The lecture was on cosmic...
What was it on? Sorry.
And, if it's a clear night,
I'm going to lay some
romantic astronomy on her.
Really? Is that my line?
My wife's in New York and I've got
a Lion King resigual check
burning a hole in my pocket.
And I can say "residual"
better than that.
Wait, now that we've cleared the air,
I wanted to discuss
another matter with you.
Sheldon, in a cow...
a couple... in a coward....?
MAN: Oh, you're already on, sorry.
Yeah, this scene really doesn't
get going until I leave.
(LAUGHING)
They just try to clone me
from my corpse but my DNA
gets mixed with the ape's DNA
and I end up running around with...
(STAMMERING)
Thank you. Oh, and....
- (LAUGHING)
- Sorry. Sorry. Sorry.
I was not going to propose.
It's already two to one.
- What's two to one?
- You proposed twice--
Oh! I'm sorry!
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
- (SHOUTING)
- To the planetarium!
- Let's go!
(LAUGHING)
We have the cheapest car.
The worst car ever.
- Hi.
- Hey, guys.
Look who's here to put the....
(LAUGHING)
I will slowly seduce her....
Do I miss how we say
good night to each other
through the walls
of our bedroom using Morse code?
(KNOCKING)
- To the tar pits!
- Let's go!
Why don't you take your time,
enjoy your freedom?
Maybe something new
to study will find you.
- (CLANKING)
- Oh, man.
Penny, I just wanted to say good luck
and I hope there's no hard feelings.
Hey, Romeo, repair your relationship
on your own time!
- Oh!
- In the face.
Penny, I just wanted to say good luck
and I hope there's no hard feelings.
Hey, Romeo, repair your relationship
on your own time!
Sorry. That was... Sorry!
I just wanted to say good luck
and I hope there's no hard feelings.
Hey, Romeo, repair your relationship
on your own time!
(LAUGHING)
So your boyfriend's a fixer-upper.
Most of them are.
Look at this guy.
(COUGHS) Sorry, I'm choking.
I know you don't like change,
but it's not a terrible idea.
Hey, you never used....
(CLEARS THROAT, COUGHS)
Kind of hit a bump
When I was....
(MUMBLING)
Sorry. Sorry.
So I thought if I watch it....
(CLEARING THROAT, MUMBLING)
- MAN: Action.
- Sorry.
MAN 1: Okay, still rolling, guys.
MAN 2: Same spot. Here we go.
It's radio, Fay, it's fine.
Why am I upset, just because
he's off having a good time?
Perhaps you're obsessively
picturing him
engaged in drunken coitus
with another woman.
Perhaps you're obsessively
picturing him
engaged in drunken coitus
with another woman.
(LAUGHING)
Here we go.
A House of a Thousand Corpses.
Bad acting choice. All right.
First, I think anyone who uses their
birthday for a password is an idiot.
Thank you.
That is funny.
Please. Bernadette's bringing her dad
'cause her mom's out of town
and I never have anything
to say to that guy.
- You, I'm going to kill you!
- I'm sorry.
How many of those women did you think
would become your perfect companion?
Wait, do I count
the 200-pound Sailor Moon girl
that Howard and I had a threesome
with at Comic-Con?
My mother would lock her car doors
if she had to drive through
this hodgepodge of ethnicity.
I don't have to go
to the bathroom anymore.
(CHUCKLING)
(English US - SDH)